[IMP] Inventory: Product type tracking update (#17635)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/product_management/configure/type.rst

essential, but exact counts are unnecessary. Examples include: office supplies, packaging materials,
or items used in production that do not need to be individually tracked.

To mark a product as untracked, select the text in the :guilabel:`Tracking` field, delete it, then
click outside of the field.

.. tip::
   Select a :guilabel:`Tracking` option if it is necessary to track a product's stock at various

>    locations, for inventory valuation, with lots or serial numbers, or when using reordering rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Select a :guilabel:`Tracking` option if it is necessary to track a product's stock at various
   locations, perform inventory valuation, use lots or serial numbers, or create reordering rules.
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion for a more consistent parallel structure.

  comprehensive list of all on-hand, unreserved, incoming, and outgoing tracked inventory. This
  includes a detailed record of the monetary value of all tracked inventory. To access the report,
  go to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Reporting --> Stock`.

> - :doc:`Stock Locations report  <../../warehouses_storage/reporting/locations>`: This report shows a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :doc:`Stock Locations report <../../warehouses_storage/reporting/locations>`: This report shows a
```
